Use guidm cursor fns (#1402)
DFHack/scripts: docs/toggle-kbd-cursor.rst

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Toggles the keyboard cursor.
    :tags: adventure fort interface

> This tool simply toggles the keyboard cursor so you can quickly switch it on
> when you need it. Many other tools, like `autodump`, need a keyboard cursor for
> selecting a target tile. Note that you'll still need to enter an interface mode
> where the keyboard cursor is visible, like mining mode or dumping mode, in
> order to use the cursor. In adventure mode, this tool toggles look mode via
> simulated input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool toggles the keyboard cursor so you can quickly switch it on when
you need it. Many other DFHack tools, like `autodump` or `digv`, need a
keyboard cursor for selecting a target tile.

In fort mode, it toggles the game setting for "Enable keyboard cursor".
Note that you'll still need to enter an interface mode where the keyboard
cursor is visible, like mining mode or dumping mode.

In adventure mode, it will toggle "Look" mode.
```
